# Java-Customer-Admin-Sample-Program

Question😥
*************************************************************************************************************************************************************

Login as,
1) Administrator
2) Customer
3) Exit
After login as Administrator,
Items is to be added,Item number to be created as unique and should be auto generated by using sequences.
Item Price and Item Quantity, validation to be done to check whether values entered are non zero.
1) Items is to be added to a table as below,

	ItemNO ItemName ItemPrice ItemQuantity
	1 	Item1 	200 		4
	2 	Item2 	300 		5
	3 	Item3 	400 		3
	4 	Item4 	800 		8

After successfully login as customer,
Items to be purchased(Show this from the table as created by admin) is to be shown as below,Have to limit the purchase to 3 items at a time.
1 Item1 200 4
2 Item2 300 5
3 Item3 400 3
4 Item4 800 8
0--> Pay Bill

When Pay Bill selected 
1) If total item price is greater than 5000, give a discount 20 % on the item price
2) Net amount to be calculated as below,
	Net amount = Item Price(after discount) + 15% Gst

Show this menu when PayBill Selected,
1) Login
2) New User
3) Exit
(a separate table should be created to store the bank details like,account number(should contain a length of 10 digits)),and pin number(should contain a length 4 digits),
bank account balance amount.

If Login to the bank account selected,
	a) give the valid account number(If wrong show proper message) 
	b) give the valid pin number (If wrong show proper message)
Allow the user  to try 3 times by entering account number and pin number, if the account number or pin number is wrong.
If all three times wrong credentials, go back to the main menu after showing proper error message.
After successfull log in , the net amount is to be deducted from the account balance.


After deducting the amount successfully from the bank balance show message as "Bill paid Successfully..."
After this go back to the first menu.

Otherwise if no enough balance in account show the message as "Not enough balance in the account..."
After this go back to the first menu.

Note:
If the user doesn't exist in the bank create a new user,select option 2
(a separate table should be created to store the bank details like,account number(should contain a length of 10 digits)),and pin number(should contain a length 4 digits),
bank account balance amount.

After creating go back to the previous menu.

On exit show, Successfully exited...

Note:
1) All validation messages should be displayed.
2) All methods should be declared using Interfaces and implement these interfaces in the related classes.



